hey what's going on just want to test
this new plug-in from Canon the EOS
plugin you download so when you first
you come here you can download the EOS
plugin and what you download it you
don't hit login transfer so you go ahead
once you hit login transfer let's do it
right quick a shift command and then
you'll see the stuff that we have shot
so you see all of this stuff that we
pulled in so here all the files and what
I like about this is you can scrub and
see and do all that stuff so that's some
pictures of church service where i was
earlier today make sure i click on this
and hit this preferences make sure I do
the canon eos I like doing prores 422
proxy that works better for me on some
people like LT proxy gives me a lower
file then I final cut seven so what I
want to do I'm just get okay so I like
this thing right here and I'm going to
start i'm going to start it right when
it gets in focus give me a couple
handles and then i'm going to stop it
once i get once i get once i get there
and then I you can always change a
custom name with a counter custom name I
can put my cup of Sharon church and then
I could put the real i could put number
one scene whatever and this is the end
of the song and once i do that i'm going
to hit in add to the less than Q and
it's going to put in my capture scratch
there's transferring right now and once
it skewed ok so once it's finished going
you see what it says import settings so
then I'm just going to close out login
capture here and then you see in and I
let's look at the stuff it's two minutes
six seconds and then
shows media star media end and into the
song I says mono apple prores 422 proxy
24 frames a second then often on normal
the field ominous none if this says
cannon says this is upper anything can't
make sure that said none then basically
i did my internet in an out point right
here and put it on a timeline I'm done
once I put it on a timeline I just put
it right there as you can see and its
programs for 22 it's a lot better than
doing putting h.264 on the top exported
out regularly so hopefully you enjoyed
this tutorial it's great plugin from
Canon and the website is shown right
here and I'll put the link on my website
as well for you to download the software
see you